Liss and years ago on the a disease show
we had made a video about Medea and
really just talking about Tyler Perry's
work ethic and what I learned from it to
create our own little system and all of
our channels where man I worked my butt
off to eventually be able to hire my
friends and family and enjoy breaking
down movies for a living no interference
know having a pitch none of that right
in fact it was actually one of the first
times I used the phrase let me explain
that's that no one really took the video
seriously because when it had Madea in
the thumbnail to DA disease show and I
know a lot of you guys have asked that
thing was getting autocorrected by
YouTube itself meaning that the entire
channels algorithm was like super wonky
that's what led to Ella me being its own
separate channel and that being able to
blow up a lot more but three being in
the film community I've been in this
long enough to know and be fully aware
that most don't take Tyler Perry
seriously because he's not up there with
their favorite directors and thus lesser
than stop giving Tyler Perry money or he
won't go away
well now Tyler's the one with the studio
to help your favorite directors but I
still think they're a lot of stuff this
on today we talk about Tyler Perry at
this point is culinary buffoonery yeah
we might work again
look I'll be open to it you know you got
money I'm proudly here supporting this
man success even though I don't like his
movies because he saw the bigger picture
he knew his audience and he looked out
for the people who were looking down on
him they get it the great if they don't
then that's fine too
I've been on sets where I've been the
only black face so when I come to work
here we are we're represented where
everybody's represented lbgtq is
represented black white gay straight
whatever we're all represented working
hand in hand arm in arm so what I know
about what I'm doing is any any doubters
comes to just come take a visit and see
walk these streets see these people see
these underdogs and you tell me what I
do don't know this man really said pull
up let me explain
now Tyler founded his studio back in
2006 opening up his own line and now
that thing is selling for a cool
eighteen point five million but what's
dope is that he sold it to his former
president of production and according to
them they're now the biggest land-run
movie studio in America while Perry's
moving to the biggest American studio
lot in America
but here's the big reason why I respect
Tyler regardless of what you think of
his movies at least he owns them you
invested in your own company that's how
you started right you use your own
savings right and people told you not to
do that
absolutely yeah all the time I found is
that he who has the gold they make the
rules so I wanted to to own my own
content my own work I want to be in a
position where I could actually have
more say in my own destiny rather than
letting someone else has say-so I wanted
to invest in myself and that happens
when you do that Perry always had
Lionsgate distribute his films and then
he went on to Paramount where they
established a division called Paramount
players so he was always learning along
the way I have paid for a Harvard
education about 50 times in the amount
of money that I've lost in mistakes so
I'm a trial and error I made a lot of
mistakes and then I just started picking
up the phone I feel that in our ATC
video we go deeper into the inspiration
of this man who went from being a
playwright living out of his car to
having these many productions under his
belt as he continued to produce more in
his massive 12 Lots what did that mean
to you to see that on the highway and
it's a bonafide highway sign first time
I saw it it was
it's the Sylvan Road which I remember
when I moved to Atlanta I moved off a
silver road with my cousin and got put
out a house had no money that kind of
thing so I'm looking at so enrollment
and then to see my name next to that
moment I just it took me took my breath
away all 12 of these sound stages are
all dedicated to black icons which in
the case of Spike Lee's lat show some
mad maturity from Tyler it's ago from
the guy being called out as being bad
for the culture and now has 330 acres
for it the New York Times said you are
the most successful mogul Hollywood has
ever ignored do you think Hollywood gets
you my audience and the stories that I
tell our african-american store is
specific to a certain audience if ik to
a certain group of people that I know
that I grew up with and we speak a
language Hollywood doesn't necessarily
speak the language a lot of critics
don't speak that language so for to them
it's like what is this but I know what I
do is important I know what I do
touches millions of people around the
world I know how important every word
every joke every laugh I know what that
does for the people where I come from
and the people that I'm writing for so
yeah I get that
and this place isn't a joke they shot
first man here right they got the
walking dead going on instant family the
official first production under Tyler
Perry studios was black panther black
panther and i don't want to brag but
it's bigger than disney paramount or
Warner and funny combined combines
and he stated the art give the other
thing is Jana has a Whoopi Goldberg
soundstage yes it has a Whoopi Goldberg
factor then besides the sound stages
this man has sets for anything you can
think of within these three hundred and
thirty acres which is crazy when you
remember his dream as a kid was to be an
architect first everything you've seen
everything I've shown you I've actually
drawn to scale gave it to the the
builders to design it saying this is
what I want so that's the way I've been
very specific in the design and build of
this building for my house everything is
just I love architecture from the bottom
of heart if I wasn't in this business I
would probably want to be a really great
architect it has its own Hospital with
its own laughs a hotel to film at his
own elevators that don't go anywhere in
case you want to seek with a devil there
are several bar sets that were literally
from his own bar this bar was actually
in my house in the basement and I sold
it to the studio when I moved because I
thought it was so amazing he's looking
to the future and wants to build a
highway in the back so you know movies
like la-la land don't have to shut down
la traffic but in the meantime this
thing serves as like a mini Madea Museum
it's like an amusement park with their
own tours so the original house is down
the street in this neighborhood on Avon
Avenue but we've wanted to have a place
where visitors and fans of Madea can
actually come and see it you can walk in
this house is like she's gonna come down
the stairs with her big huge self and
say hi and feed you recently Connie
talked about showing off his 4,000 acres
that he had to his dad and the ideas of
creating his own sustainable ecosystem
and Tyler studio has proof that if we
could just understand the shift in the
system the shift from working for to
ownership that is that that is the key I
look at I look at how all of our stuff
is poured out like our music and our
talent it's or doubt they go and they
take it they make billions of dollars
off of it and then they say oh here's
here's five million dollars and you like
bling-bling look at me I got come on
this man used to be homeless and now he
has a suburb full of houses to film his
TV shows movies whatever he wants and
it's all dedicated to his mom Maxine
bill is I named it after my mother
Maxine who passed in 2009 so this whole
area this whole neighborhood I want it
to be a town
after her in her honor and she was so
happy to have that it's very sentimental
for me and and we do a lot of shooting
down here for a lot of the shows it's
always it's always really fun and
powerful and it's a good memory of her
to be down here she was very proud
scraping his goals up to is the only
White House replica in America so as
long as you have your audience and have
faith in what you're doing this is what
I learned from them that all those
insults that you get that don't have any
merit let them have them when the roots
of your characters that you've created
stem from a childhood where dressing up
like your grandma's and aunts was the
only way to make your mother smile
through the dark times through the abuse
and then that character not only reach
the smiles all over the world but
eventually spawns a monumental studio
that you own then you ignore the
naysayers and the critics who won't made
you feel like crap when they just didn't
get it because as he puts it instead of
asking for a seat at the table
go out and build your own thank you guys
checking out this video
I've never again I never loved a
director so much and I always look into
work ethics and stuff if you ever seen
any of my live streams or stuff like
that and people who ask me for advice
and they're like oh are can I cover
movies stop looking at like movies and
look at how they work instead I've never
loved a director so much who movies I
don't even like but that work ethic I
grew up watching Big Momma's House
around the same time a deal was just a
stage play so seeing that transition and
how he was able to take it to a whole
nother level isn't saying like I even
mentioned this man owns his own Island
but like I said we did cover it back
with the A to Z video and yeah it really
cared about it but it's super
interesting to see the growth that this
man has had because now this studio you
don't have to care about Tyler Perry's
movies but the people the artists who
will now have a place to be able to make
these movies or you know even him he
says he wants to get more artistic I
hope that's true
but they say that the mantra there is
even dreams believe so I'm curious to
see where it goes throughout the
research to this I always think a couple
of extra notes but I would highly
recommend his essence interview I put
some pieces in here but definitely go
check that one out I highly recommend it
I was just listening to speak I was like
yo this man is awning here's just
another bit where he talks about
ownership and longevity which I honestly
think is very important because for
you know what we do like we started this
all our own and we don't we don't have
to respond to anybody else which is a
perfect place to be in it's not always
the case for everybody but it should be
a dream that people should reach for it
I own everything I would not sell a
script that would not sell the film I
would entice all the TV shows nothing I
owned it all because ownership is the
key to generational generational changes
and I think that's what we need to learn
people go again you probably won't ever
see me covering dumb idea movies
themselves but I'm proud of this it's a
really good accomplishment I hope to
visit it one day but I'm curious to know
your thoughts about it other than that
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe or my deals gonna hit you
[Music]